there's no telling how many people will
ultimately have their pensions cut it is
a fact however that the current system
is underfunded despite the performance
of equities since this has happened many
times before how long until your pension
is next on The Chopping Block you came
here for the truth today we are going to
look at the situation with pensions how
they are
underfunded and I want to show you the
charts I want to show you the Articles
and the
real situation that is going on today
another blow for Heartland workers
slashed pensions okay what we have in
this case here the retired Ohio iron
workers and what you're looking
at is an individual who had his pension
cut more than half from
3700 to6
100 so imagine this individual here
Larry in this case he had budgeted for
$3,700 and he thought he was going to be
able to pay his mortgage maybe his rent
his food energy maybe going out to
restaurants maybe buying gifts for his
children or wife or family or whoever
that was all budgeted based on that 3700
he had been putting into his
pension with the intention that when he
retired he would get
$3,700 unfortunately that isn't the case
he's going to get less than half that so
when you think that Pension funds may be
looted and you think to yourself that
can happen well it has happened this
isn't the only case it's not not just
Larry who's suffering there's a lot of
people out there who had the same thing
happening to them and I will show you
those
examples let's look at this a
graphical
explanation for the
underfunded pensions and you'll notice
these are big companies Intel you're
looking at American Airlines you're
looking at Dupont and many others so
this would tell me that it's got nothing
to do with the performance of any
particular company or even the
performance of
equities this is simply a means of
siphoning wealth from the average
citizen into the hands of the
corporations that's what this
is it's a fact equities have been
performing so
well look at
bonds look at the
Investments that are being
made by these different hedge funds
investment funds anything else and
you'll notice they're all invested in
all the same
things and yet
somehow these are underfunded I don't
really understand what's Happening Here
other than the fact that it's pure theft
that's the way I look at it there's no
other way to depict
that all right the S&P 500's biggest
pension plans face a $382 billion
funding Gap now that's massive the
government may decide to bail that out
but I think they want to squeeze people
a little more they want them to be poor
so I don't necessarily think they'll be
B baing that out
although with the way the governments
work these days they simply bail out
everything people who rely now check
this out because it sounds like a money
GPS line people who rely on Company
pension plans to fund their retirement
may be in for a
shock of the 200 biggest defined benefit
plans in the S&P 500 based on assets 186
aren't fully funded simply put they
don't have enough money to fund the
current and future retirees what does
that tell you that should be a warning
sign that should be a red flag that
should be Sirens going off and a red
alert saying we have a problem this is
critical but nothing will be
done nothing will be done to resolve
this because you can't increase the
performance anymore look how well the
stock market has been
doing this is
intentional I'll move on to showing you
one typical example of that it's Greece
with their austerity measures Greece
will avoid default after bailout deal
but faces more austerity that's right
you're saved we're just going to take
your
money oh we'll save you all right just
going to take your money that's the
Mafia That's gangsters and that's what
this is there's no other way to put
it they give in these deals because
their
overlords say that they
must the IMF the
EU and then you have
the government who has basically no say
in at
all and ultimately the people are hurt
the austerity measures strangle people
and yes you may agree with austerity in
some ways however what I don't like is
people were told they would get one
thing and then they get something
less if they're told that they're going
to expect it if they expect it and they
don't get it they're going to Riot on
the streets that's what happened in
Greece that's what what will happen in
other cities as well there's a few
examples in here I just want to touch on
um for example the nearly 200 retirees
in California is now defunct uh this
Human Services consort Consortium uh an
employment and job agency goes on and on
their pensions were cut as much as
63% okay moving on looking at this here
this one particular Cal Pur whose
pension debt stands at 170 billion
impossible to ever pay back looking
further in thinking can't happen to YK
City look Detroit Michigan Central Falls
Rhode Island are Polar Opposites in many
ways but they have one thing in common
both slash their retirees pensions when
the city's filed for bankruptcy all
right so then you go to Detroit
bankruptcy again thousands of retirees
saw their pensions cut by
4.5% cost of living allowances are
eliminated health care benefits reduced
and it goes on look at this Central
Falls cut their pensions of its retirees
133 of them by as much as 55% when the
city filed for bankruptcy all right it
doesn't matter where you live it doesn't
matter who's affected by it let's say
directly this will have a ripple effect
you will be affected by this I assure
you maybe you don't have a pension plan
but let's say the neighbor to your left
and right do and guess whose door
they're going to be coming knocking on
when they're
hungry that's
my concern people will act
irrationally or perhaps
rationally but they'll lose it
all and that's really what I see
happening when you want to talk about
stocks and all this stuff it doesn't
matter when you have a serious situation
like
this this is one of the lines that I
think about all the time pretty much
every single day it's from 19 1984
George Orwell if you want a picture of
the future imagine a boot stamping on a
human face
forever and
that is becoming more of a reality every
single
day we have funded a system we have
allowed a
system to be
created that is in fact a
detriment to our health to our
livelihood and to everything we stand
for and that boot crushing the
face is such a very accurate
description of what I see what I read
and what I hear about from different
people who have communicated to me over
the years
this is our
future our best chance of turning this
around is done at the Grassroots done at
an individual level so people are always
asking well what do we do about it what
do we do about it I'll tell you what I
would like to do about it for myself and
that is move to a more rural area where
I would have green
houses where I would be able to grow my
own food
food and just so we're aware we're on
that topic if you live in a cold climate
as I do you can have a
greenhouse that will in fact not require
any Heating and you can grow some pretty
good food within that no matter how cold
your climate is I would check out one
yard Revolution I would also check out
John kler those are two on YouTube
YouTube that I believe are uh important
for you to check out or the for season
Harvest that's something else so you
want to also make sure that your savings
are not in the banking system if you
keep all your savings in the banking
system you simply are taking a risk you
need some obviously for day-to-day
expenses but you don't want to keep your
savings there it's not necessarily a
savings account though they claim it
is will they take make your money I
don't know maybe not but they have set
up the bailin regime in Canada bailin
strategy under the G20 Nations to do so
so you know they've already laid the
groundwork do you want to be there at
that time when they pulled the
trigger and what I would suggest to
people is
to get a handle on all of your
preparation I think it's so crucial so
those are just a few points hope you
appreciate that if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
give me a thumbs up for the
solutions and if you found this video
informative I know you'll find my books
the money GPS and my new release global
economic economic collapse even more
informative so you can check these books
out at Amazon there's a link in the
description below which will allow you
to flip through the pages of these books
take care